ALL MUSKET SOUNDS ARE COPYRIGHTED FOR THE USE OF BG2 ONLY!!! ANY USE ON ANY OTHER MOD WILL BE REPORTED.  NO EXCEPTIONS.


Sound Effects Library Limited End User License Agreement

Please read the terms of the following License Agreement before using any of these audio samples.

By using any of these audio samples, you agree to become bound by the terms of the License Agreement. If you do not agree with the terms of the License Agreement, do not use any of these audio samples. Sound Effects Library Limited or its Library partners guarantees that all its samples offered on this Web site have been created and recorded specially by the Sound Effects Library Limited or its Library partners, and any similarity to any other recording is quite unintentional.

1. The audio samples shall remain the property of Sound Effects Library Limited or its Library partners and are licensed, not sold to you for use on your audio equipment.

2. A right to use the audio samples is granted to the original purchaser (end-user) of the product (the Licensee) and is NOT transferable.

3. The Licensee may modify the audio samples. The audio samples may be used for commercial purposes within musical compositions or soundtracks subject to section 7 below.

4. This license expressly forbids resale or other distribution of these audio samples, either as they exist on this Web site, or any modification thereof. You cannot sell, loan, rent, lease, assign or transfer all or any of the audio samples to another user, or for use in any competitive product or competitive web site.

5. Licensor will not be responsible if the contents of these samples do not fit the particular purpose of the Licensee.

6. Provided the particular audio samples have been purchased from this Web site and from no other source, use of the audio samples in isolation such as in video game soundtracks or web sites or library music clips (where they appear in isolation or as stand-alone sound effects) is permitted subject to clauses 1 to 5 above.

7. For the purposes of creating so called "library music" clips or so called "production music" clips intended for commercial exploitation, the included audio samples may only be used "in combination" with other sounds within musical compositions. For example, any rhythm loop samples (which Sound Effects Library Limited or its Library partners regards as being musical clips in themselves) must also be combined with other types of samples or sounds to effectively form a new composition, rather than simply being looped. If in doubt over this or any kind of usage, please contact.

8. Music tracks are royalty free and NO further payment is due however you MUST complete a cue sheet if they are for broadcast or public performance and submit it to the sound effects library.com. A cue sheet can be downloaded here and sent via fax or mail.

If you download our royalty free music tracks you will be contacted by us or our library partners for usage details

If you have any queries please do not hesitate to contat us

ALL RIGHTS NOT EXPRESSLY GRANTED ARE RESERVED.
© 2002 SOUND EFFECTS LIBRARY LIMITED OR ITS LIBRARY PARTNERS. 